c++/README.md, before:

===========
What is it?
===========

This is a status bar for your linux system that displays items such as:
    
    - Workspace
    - Date and time
    - Brightness level
    - Volume level
    - Wifi strength
    - Battery level

and more items can be added to it, removed from it, or moved around, if the user
wishes to do so. The user also has the option of adding more workspaces, 
changing the size and location of the status bar, and many more things as well.



=============
Documentation
=============

This status bar was primarily built to be used under the DWM window manager 
because I did not like the one that DWM comes with. I wanted to have the 
option of adding icon widgets to the status bar if I wanted to, and since 
DWM's status bar does not have that option, I made my own.


The documentation for each script is available in the headers of each respective
script.



============
Installation
============

Unkwown



========
Contacts
========

If you have any problems, feel free to email me at 'gabeg@bu.edu'.



==================
Potential Problems
==================

Unknown



=====
To-Do
=====

- Sometimes the volume icon mistakes a mocp pid, fix this

- the tags reset to 1 sometimes

Commit message:

Improved Atlas code style and formatting, as well as directory structure.
Atlas applications are no longer template heavy. A class template for the
AtlasApp class is still used, as well as for the "attach" function, but no other
templates are utilized in the function definitions.

The static modifier was put in place more frequently, in parts of the code where
multiple calls were made to a function, so repeating certain memory allocations
would be wasteful.

Improved upon the structure of the enumerated alignment and signal
types. Encapsulating them in a struct is preferable, thus the code was changed
to reflect this.

Code was restructured in a directory hierarchy that follows the "app", "core",
"common" style.

c++/README.md, after:

===========
What is it?
===========

Atlas is a status bar for your linux system that displays items such as:
    
    - Workspace
    - Date and time
    - Brightness level
    - Volume level
    - Wifi strength
    - Battery level
    - and more!

Using the API, users can easily create, add, and modify new or existing status
bar applications. Atlas was primarily built as an improvement to the DWM window
manager, which did not allow for graphical status bar items. Consequently, Atlas
accepts graphical status bar applications.

=============
Documentation
=============

The documentation for each program can be found in the header of each respective
file.

============
Installation
============

$ make
$ ./atlas

========
Contacts
========

If you have any problems, feel free to email me at 'gabeg@bu.edu'.

==================
Potential Problems
==================

- Occasionally, DWM resets and all windows move to the first workspace.

=====
To-Do
=====

- Sometimes the volume icon mistakes a mocp pid, fix this
- Check which is faster, socket or semaphore (or alternative IPC)
- Remove file opening and printing to stuff.txt
